Add support to display field names in namedtuple diffs. (#7553)
pytest-dev/pytest: changelog/7527.improvement.rst

> Field name is now shown in the diff message for namedtuple instead of index.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a comparison between `namedtuple` instances fail, pytest now shows the differing field names instead of their indexes.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks, changed to this with a couple of adjustments.
